how does it work
computer irreplaceable components
human society
he handles the pictures of the sounds of the numbers
words fortunately all the information you can
save not to lose when
computer shut down task hard
disk inside the computer save and
issue information than fast hard
drive amazing inventions
computer industry he can store
astronomical amount of information
this miniature device records
almost unlimited
information I use the laws of physics and
so how does he do it
to understand you need to break
The hard disk consists of five main
parts
integrated circuit synchronizes
the disk drive with the computer controls
electromotor rotating by all processes
disk approximately 7200 1 minute integral
circuits maintain speed constantly
now the most important part of the rocker
which writes and reads
information
rocker end divided to work
immediately with a few low but head
yoke never touch the disk
the gap between the surface of the disk and
head is 5000 times smaller than
human hair
the knob draws air that accelerates
rotating disk protect yourself to
necessary if we want to use
this device for years and what can
be damage to the damage of the disc it
no metaphor such thin layers weight
heads equal to weight 747
aircraft and weight 747 aircraft comparable
with a weight of 100 thousand passengers flying on
speeds of 100 kilometers per hour deviation
in fractions of millimeters cry all
friction force is also important
when the beam starts to read
information shifting to 60 1 second
the engine rocker is not wedding because
what is the electromagnetic system
works on the interaction of two forces
nature of electricity and magnetism
such interaction to accelerate the rocker
q speeds light before this was about
components now talk about storage
before
data is stored in narrow tracks on
disc surface during production at
the disk creates more than 200 thousand such
tracks each track is divided into
map sectors are more expensive to sector and
allow heads to determine where
write down or where to read information
disk surface is smooth and shiny but
closer look at the structure
turns out to be harder fer magnetic film
remembers all the information on the surface
head magnetizes microscopic
area on the film setting magnetic
the moment of such a cell is 1 state 0 or
unit
each such zero and one are called
bits value corresponds to a bit
orientation of the magnetic field plus and
minus and don't worry
data integrity photo good
qualities take about 29 million
of these cells and scattered across 12 different
sectors
sounds impressive but in
reality is so incredible
the number of bits takes very
small area on the surface of the disk
every square centimeter of surface
including you
31 billion bits that's what I understand
memory hard drive writes and issues
information at speeds which is difficult
submit using the law of magnetism
thin film disc can remember
many different encyclopedias or hundreds
thousand photos
easy hard drive actually amazing
or miniature recording device
any information in the little bits
this engineering masterpiece expands
scope of intelligent physics bit by bit